https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-21788 (#8060)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_restore.adoc

[#restoring-data-primary-hub]
== Restoring data back to the initial primary hub 

> When you need to restore backup data on your cluster, create a new cluster instead of restoring data with the primary hub cluster or the hub cluster with user created resources. 

Author: should it just be "cluster" or is this scenario when users are restoring backup data to the hub cluster, and therefore, we don't want them to restore it to the initial primary hub cluster?

Reviewer: much better

> When you need to restore backup data on your cluster, create a new cluster instead of restoring data with the primary hub cluster or the hub cluster with resources that are user created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need to restore backup data on your cluster, create a new cluster instead of restoring data with the primary hub cluster or the hub cluster with resources that are user-created.
```

Reviewer: This is really confusing to me--the user-created part. (or the hub cluster with existing resources?)

> If you restore data back to the initial primary hub cluster, your current hub cluster and the primary hub cluster both can access the managed clusters. The hub clusters compete for control, making the managed clusters constantly go back and forth between the hub clusters. 

Reviewer: compete for control (anthropomorphism, which we try to avoid per the manuals)

Wonder if there is a better way to say this

> If you restore data on a hub cluster with user resources created before the restore operation, the operation cannot include the resources. The data on the hub cluster does not contain all the available data. 

Reviewer: be sure to use "that are" or "which are" -- this is to prevent it being read as "user resources created"

"user resources" "created" 

When we mean the user resources "that are" created...

> If you restore data on a hub cluster with resources that are user created before the restore operation, the operation cannot include the resources. The data on the hub cluster does not contain all the available data. 

Reviewer: user-created (describes as an adjective the resources), but again this is confusing to me.

> In a disaster recovery test scenario, use the primary hub cluster as the passive cluster. In a disaster recovery test, you only validate the restore operation on a passive hub, then use the primary hub cluster. In this scenario, you only test the hub backup and do not use the primary hub cluster to create new resources. Instead, the backup data has temporarily moved from the primary hub cluster to the passive hub cluster. You can make the initial primary hub cluster a primary hub cluster again if you restore all resources. The operation runs the post restore operation, moving the managed clusters back to this hub cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a disaster recovery test scenario, use the primary hub cluster as the passive cluster. In a disaster recovery test, you only validate the restore operation on a passive hub, then use the primary hub cluster. 

You only test the hub backup cluster and do not use the primary hub cluster to create new resources. Instead, the backup data temporarily moves from the primary hub cluster to the passive hub cluster. You can make the initial primary hub cluster a primary hub cluster again if you restore all resources. The operation runs the post restore operation, moving the managed clusters back to this hub cluster.
```

Reviewer: In all things BnR, work to reduce the content and the size of the paragraphs by reading for understanding and then cutting out what is not needed.

> One situation where you can use the primary hub cluster as the passive cluster is in a disaster recovery test. A disaster recovery test is when you only validate the restore operation on a passive hub, then move back to use the primary hub cluster. In this recovery test scenario, you are only testing the hub backup scenario. You do not use the primary hub cluster to create new resources. Instead, the backup data has temporarily moved from the primary hub cluster to the passive hub cluster. You can make the initial primary hub cluster a primary hub cluster again if you restore all resources to this hub cluster. The operation runs the post restore operation, which moves the managed clusters back to this hub cluster.

Reviewer: One situation where you can use the primary hub cluster as the passive cluster is in a disaster recovery test.

This line can be reduced by far.

Reviewer: Overall, the larger paragraphs can be reduced. If it is a struggle to do that, I can suggest using Gemini...drop it in there and see what you get back, but make sure the technical meaning doesn't change.

> *Important:* In the disaster recovery test, stop the restore cluster before moving back to the initial primary hub cluster. Stopping the restore cluster prevents the managed clusters from bouncing back after the restore operation moves the data to the initial primary hub cluster. 

Author: This not to stop the restore cluster is when users are running a disaster recovery test, yes?
